Update index.md (#1998)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Getting-Started/Code/Creating-Forms/index.md

To add the form to your site we'll make a macro. This also makes it possible to let editors add the form to a page using the rich text editor.

#### Creating a macro

> Go to settings and click the menu icon on the __Partial Views Macro Files__ node and select __New partial view macro__. Name the macro *Contact Form*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the Settings section and right-click the __Partial Views Macro Files__ node. Choose "Create" and select __New partial view macro__. Name the macro *Contact Form*.
```
